Refactor Toggle component (#3695)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/ten-parks-kneel.md

---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": major
---

> Repalaced the `<button role="switch">` implementation with `<input type="checkbox" role="switch">`  in the Toggle component, `onChange` now fires a native `ChangeEvent<HTMLInputElement>` instead of `ClickEvent<HTMLButtonElement>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed the Toggle component implementation to use a native input element instead of a button element under the hood. `onChange` now fires a native `ChangeEvent<HTMLInputElement>` instead of `ClickEvent<HTMLButtonElement>`.
```
